Brother Wen
I'm blackmailing you about Joanne's boy
I went and had them tie him up
Then I want to thank you.
But you don't have to find someone to kidnap him
The doctor will abort his baby later
You really want to
That's your only healthy child.
What do you think?
Cats and dogs are eligible to have children with me, right?
That would be fine.
Lest he pester you with the child thing
Mr. Liu has twins in his belly
You see, these are the heads of two children.
This is a little hand, don't lose it.
Turns out I'm pregnant with twins
What a pity!
Humph, it's best if the child is gone.
I have to find a way to get rid of it
Is the child really gone?
The child is not you
What are you crying about?
Ahhh hurry
Keep the money in your bank card tight
Turn it all around for me
The doctor is calling again
Said not to pay today?
To kick your brother out
Go to your friend immediately and pick up more money.
Do you hear me?
Hello, Mom.
Hello
I ran out of money.
How could I make you borrow money like that?
Mr. Rong
The child is gone
Can you?
Lend me money
You really want money
Tell me, how much does it cost?
100,000
Ah no 80,000
I will definitely return it to you when I have the money.
sign
Why prenuptial agreements?
After the child is born, get a divorce and take grandpa to the south
You, you mean the child is not lost.